the great Omega Supreme is vulnerable
Megatron and his Decepticons must press
their attack if they hope to overcome a
guardian of aya Khan and force him to
unlock the Gateway to Cybertron score
you think you survived all that as long
as there is enough left to open the
Omega gauge I care not Megatron I don't
think that's gonna be a problem
the source indicate that those batteries
are the source of obey the Supremes
rejuvenation
squirming Decepticon included weapons
engaging I thought we had this guy beat
affordable disciplines doctor be super
important for recharging suits our
weapons are doing anything to have
disturbs the church owner disapproves
defensive barrier Islam extend to his
choice target
warming vulnerability in select
subsystems battery full of Energon just
came up out of the floor is that normal
cause we must move quickly
use dark Energon on the core battery
detective assistant pollution action
release counter virus
mega supreme is vulnerable at last
Decepticons
reading systems recalibrate situation
soft
there's another battery what are you
waiting for use the dark energon on it
ejected system collusion
really
the dark Energon is breaking up
Megatron has defeated Omega Supreme
all hail Megatron Systems corrupted
power level 49% repairs initiating he's
getting back
rocket
it's just I always look to get through
that armored plating stop whining and
start shooting
awesome
amazing power I must have it for myself
I thought and his power was great
he's got even more now
makes difference not even
you of this harem use the dark their
time to corrupt them I know what to do
Soundwave be silent or face my wrath
systems failing corruption total yes the
Autobots most powerful weapon and the
key to the core of Cybertron the
universe shall hear my name
Omega Supreme has fallen corrupted by
the influence of dark Energon triumphant
Megatron forces the Guardian to open the
Omega gates and lead the Decepticons to
the core of Cybertron itself at last the
core of Cybertron is mine are the
corrupters in place yes Lord Megatron
let it begin
glorious New Age is upon us my brethren
with dark Energon infused into the car
Cybertron is mine come on
you